CNV-37038-37057: Accessing VM using headless services (#76911)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn"]                            
= Accessing a virtual machine  by using its internal FQDN                                             
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]                   
:context: virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn                        
                                                                
toc::[]         

You can access a virtual machine (VM) that is connected to the default internal pod network, on a stable fully qualified domain name (FQDN), by using headless services.

A Kubernetes _headless service_ is a form of service that does not allocate a cluster IP address to represent a set of pods. Instead of providing a single virtual IP address for the service, a headless service creates a DNS record for each pod associated with the service. You can expose a VM through its FQDN without the need to expose a specific TCP or UDP port. 
 
[NOTE]
====

> If you created a VM by using the {product-title} web console, you can find its internal FQDN listed in the *Network* tile on the *Overview* tab of the *VirtualMachine details* page. See xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-internal-fqdn_virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn[Connecting to a virtual machine by using its internal FQDN] for next steps to access the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created a VM by using the {product-title} web console, you can find its internal FQDN listed in the *Network* tile on the *Overview* tab of the *VirtualMachine details* page. For more information, see xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-internal-fqdn_virt-accessing-vm-internal-fqdn[Connecting to a virtual machine by using its internal FQDN].
```

Author: Accessing the VM is the next procedure that the user has to jump to if they already have the FQDN from the web console. I think the wording makes more sense as is.
